hi welcome back to my kitchen with the
Amen sisters travel production of the
travaris chef chef hi welcome back to my
kitchen this is another production by
Amen sisters travel calm featuring the
travaris chef Jen that would be me today
we're going to make an onion soup and it
comes from one of my magazines that I
really enjoy um if you want to know
which one that is go to my profile it'll
mention what magazine it is but this the
soup that are going to make for you
today is called the best French onion
soup is what the epicurious website had
said but from my magazine it's called
magnifique instead of mediocre so come
on in let me start your day by making
this wonderful magnifique onion soup ok
first off the recipe calls for three
large yellow onions I have one rather
humongous onion and a medium large onion
so we're going to use two onions today
in this recipe just means we're gonna
have more broth but I don't want to take
the time to go to the store so I'd say
it means to cut this pole to pole so
this could be a pole and neck and be a
follow ok I I looked it up and I believe
that's that's what they're called it
I've never heard that before but that's
what it is so I'm just kind of cut it
all the pole like they say alright and
then I find it a lot easier when you're
peeling an onion to actually take the
ends off go for it like this okay the
other thing is that s where we're going
to be cutting this into quarter-inch
pieces so putting this like right up
against a nice sharp knife don't forget
right up against the knuckles of my hand
we're going to cut this instance ok it
doesn't hack but quarter-inch slices is
what you want on here ok is it nice and
easy to cut
alright got the idea cool i'm going to
show you something else i have it okay i
have a handed device here called the
mandolin this is a very inexpensive one
little cheap all it works great it comes
with this that you're supposed to you
know grab and in dupage this plane is
very very sharp so i'm wearing a cutting
block but I my show you how this works
okay you just stick your product down
there and you go across the blade you
can cut a lot of onions very fast this
way so if you are doing six onions those
quarter inches will be done before you
know it ok next we're just going to go
ahead and spray our cast-iron pan here
oh really well this soup is so simple
people it is so simple you you just
can't believe it this what we just did
here was the hardest part of the whole
soup ok like three tablespoons of butter
put that in there then add our onions
and our onions who good thing I didn't
have one or two onions I'd say ok and
then we're going to cover oops we're
going to cover this put it in the oven
and forget about it for one hour ok I
put it I try to tell you I put it in a
400-degree oven all right so I'm going
to leave it alone for an hour covered
and by that point we'll be able to take
another peek at it and see where we go
from there very very simple recipe I
hope that you give it a shot because i
have had this before and it is really
magnifique not mediocre okay great talk
to you so people are asking me what's on
your frigerator gin one of those
pictures well i'm going to show you this
one here is a picture of a sock monkey
that we sent our great niece in ohio her
name is brooke and this is her rendition
of that sock monkey I love its heart it
that great ha
this is brooke and this is her brother
Brandon you see those all right they're
great kids they're really great kids
hang on there's more okay here's another
one right here I got to take this one
off though but here is a friend of mine
who who's had a birthday party recently
and we had so much fun that was a party
now I know she's going to really hurt me
for that but we're in the kitchen with
Jin what can you expect you're only
going to have a good time here someone
else asked me Jim how sharp is your
knife I would say pretty sharp don't you
think without a sharp knife you you're
going to be working too hard so and
being an excellent worker I can't think
of anything that's more important than a
sharp tool otherwise you're working too
hard and it gets dangerous because
you're not you're so busy working the
tool that you're not letting the tool do
the right do its job so work with a
sharp knife one of these videos I'm
going to show you exactly how I do that
it's not this one though hi let me talk
to you a little bit about travaris while
these the onions are softening up in the
stove here having never been a network
marketer before it has been a very great
learning experience for me we're doing
web two point O marketing that's why
you're seeing this video because it's a
very it's a personal to odd choice it's
a personal choice it's about
relationships and it's getting to know
someone and wanting to join their team
and be part of their excitement and
they're fun and you get to learn so much
I just can't tell you what I have
learned so far just on the travel site
alone when I when I travel down to I
helped a friend move the floor a couple
weeks ago and we saved over two hundred
fifty dollars just on the hotel's alone
that's so worth it it's really
interesting and I hope that you get a
chance to check out ww
amen sister info I know I've had trouble
with that before but I spit it out right
this time and when you have questions
ask genet Rivera chef calm we're just
about ready to check out what's
happening here in the stove ok here we
are the onions are ready so let's take
them out after the first hour they're
ready it's time now to get to it here's
what they're going to look like after
one hour ok mix them up they're
softening nicely now we're going to
stick it back in the oven and put the
top on it leave it slightly ajar right
now we're going to wait an hour and see
how they caramelize and it just takes
time so good thing we have other things
to do oh they're beautiful beautiful
yeah huh so what I'm going to do here is
I'm going to scrape up the sides a
little bit get all that delicious flavor
going put the top back up and set it a
little a jar put it back in the oven for
another 45 minutes
well that looks good enough to eat
that's beautiful I'm almost tempted to
put it back in for maybe another 20
minutes we'll see don't be forgetting to
have some kind of glove on and you're
handling knees we're putting it on all
this is just beautiful I don't know if
you can see those are not